OK so if I open up my network Inspektor here and I click our button that sending dollar signs that Ajax
we can see that it's a char that's created looks just the same to Chrome and this network Inspektor
as any other ex-aide chart that we could create.
So you know it's still get requests as are you or else everything is the same.
So what you should take away from that is that this is just generating an a char behind the scenes if
you want to look at the source code.
It's kind of convoluted to track it down.
Here's the base Ajax file Ajax that J s on there get hungry repo and if you do a search for ex-aide
char or SML HGP it never shows up on here.
And that's because they've split it up into separate files and these little modules.
So all these things appear that are basically required are imported.
So I followed it over here and here is the key line.
Return new window that SML HTP request.
So take querido Ajax settings.
X 8 char.
So never we see Ajax setting start X a char in the source code.
It's returning a new X amount.
HTP request if it can and then further down can also see where they're actually opening that request.
So in that options this is referring to the options we provide when we do something like this.
This is options.
So that's that's the method here.
And then options that you are so it's going to be that are we provide and then that request is sent.
If you scroll further down if we just do a search for it here we go.
It's a chart send so that request is sent.